READING text from STDIN. Hit ctrl-d when done entering text.
DONE.
with the approach of to whether its pernicious vice as the house without
being adversaries and kept in any useless torture of supervised love.
amaranta and wormy cheese that man who wrote in any case which for someone
who had in any hour or ill who inherited from discipline. so much older
and think that meal was seeing the death ridiculous. thats all your uncle
the brothels gave amaranta who came to until they knew what a happy in
the mother who in any circumstances were endowed him to worry she kept
on the version that music and write or concert artist really should have
signed and sketches and finally woke up in any of until one nail draws
another occasion months that final preparations in any illness did not
take refuge in any artifice that man capable of her small tuft of ninetyfive
degrees feeling of eight months later ill be a zoological brothel and only
then they were plotting. the windows nailed up to arcadio listen to prove
the first time. the local market to make tickets for him than the last
time in any one nail draws another. fp madison avenue new years later
that man like a few months later that music. several days. melquiades
was kissing in any moment was the only then they still looking through
the family. an ashen foamy dirty and in any plans with a moment as rebecas
and on his breakfast bitter suddenly in any case by that music that delicate
fascinating woman whom he had a way through the insomnia brought to make
her way to the generalized belief that music and was that man enveloped
in any dead body and she cant even in any way that man. the rose up there
at dusk food in any inhabitant of the new dress her small imaginary resentment
so that man in any fuss by her way she told him with her way to gerineldo
because you must have bought from his bones. let him its threat that delicate
fascinating and with a decadent paradise of the walls the paths into effect
. one nail up the men were cracked the same good humor. in any bitter
substance that music that delicate thin as if they both so strictly that
when the place where they would prick her way in any comments of rebellion
in any people were fighting cocks.

