READING text from STDIN. Hit ctrl-d when done entering text.
DONE.
twas brillig and burbled as it dead and shun the frumious bandersnatch
! he took his joy. twas brillig and through the mome raths outgrabe.
beware the wabe all mimsy were the tulgey wood and gimble in the jabberwock
my beamish boy. o frabjous day. o frabjous day. twas brillig and through
the jaws that catch. one two. twas brillig and the slithy toves did gyre
and through the wabe all mimsy were the claws that catch. one two. twas
brillig and the jabberwock. come to my beamish boy. he stood the mome
raths outgrabe. and burbled as in uffish thought he took his joy. and
as it dead and burbled as in the jabberwock with its head he chortled in
his vorpal sword in uffish thought. beware the tulgey wood and shun the
frumious bandersnatch. twas brillig and burbled as it came whiffling through
the jubjub bird and through and the borogoves and shun the jubjub bird
and stood awhile in the vorpal sword in the jabberwock my son. callay
! one two. callay. one two. one two. o frabjous day. twas brillig
and with its head he by the borogoves and through the mome raths outgrabe
. and stood the claws that catch. one two. one two. o frabjous day.
and the claws that bite the slithy toves did gyre and gimble in the tumtum
tree and the wabe all mimsy were the slithy toves did gyre and burbled
as it came. he went snickersnack. and as in hand long time the borogoves
and as it dead and through the jubjub bird and the tumtum tree and the
mome raths outgrabe. twas brillig and stood the slithy toves did gyre
and shun the slithy toves did gyre and the borogoves and through and through
the mome raths outgrabe. beware the jabberwock my son. beware the manxome
foe he chortled in his vorpal sword in his joy. twas brillig and as in
uffish thought. twas brillig and the borogoves and burbled as in the tumtum
tree and stood awhile in the wabe all mimsy were the manxome foe he chortled
in the mome raths outgrabe. and as it dead and through the wabe all mimsy
were the tulgey wood and gimble in the borogoves and shun the wabe all
mimsy were the wabe all mimsy were the jabberwock my son. and gimble in
the slithy toves did gyre and the jubjub bird and as in the slithy toves
did gyre and the jabberwock with its head he stood awhile in hand long
time the borogoves and the manxome foe he sought so rested he chortled
in the jubjub bird and the borogoves and through the tulgey wood and as
it came.

