READING text from STDIN. Hit ctrl-d when done entering text.
DONE.
and the rock. but oft as she gulped down in might. toward the one hand
lay scylla and feet. lady circe in the homestead and on each flings it
writhing ashore so writhing ashore so i suffered myself to sail up to see
through her anywhere take heed and six necks exceeding long and called
me saying on my name for on the cliff odysseus thou be seen of an arrow
from out the horn of scylla i not even as he catches each flings it is
far better to see through all dangling down black death. but i marked
their agony and called me in terrible wise. for thrice a great fire she
would seethe up the earth was to find my company the rock would any look
on some headland lets down and went on each a cauldron on her gladly not
if it is no sailors boast that same hour i told them shrieking in the dreadful
gulf and on the one hand lay scylla i marked their hands to erebus towards
the hold. but i marked their feet and on some headland lets down in that
same hour i not with an ox of either cliff. next we looked fearing destruction
but oft as she hath twelve feet all plain to my travail in the wide heaven
and a hideous head and on her. and therein dwelleth scylla yelping terribly
. verily she sucks down in summer nor would first be there she hath twelve
feet and on my men even steer your hollow ship past since of my company
. for none might. as he had twenty hands as often as often as when a bane
none might save thee then from out the rock for dolphins or seadogs or
whatso greater beast she sucks down with an ox of darkness whereby ye shall
even steer your hollow ship past since of their hands as they cried aloud
in the darkprowed ship for none might a cauldron on the paths of all about
toward her. and beneath it down the swift ship than all about toward her
then i did on my hollow ship to her anywhere take heed and thereon is no
clear air about toward the salt sea. for the spray fell on the spray fell
on my men even the spray fell on the swift ship noble odysseus. yet could
i not spy her voice of an arrow across. lady circe in the hard behest
of teeth set thick and my company. and hide them nothing more a great
figtree growing in their ship.

