READING text from STDIN. Hit ctrl-d when done entering text.
DONE.
applause as long as we cannot be satisfied as her citizens of justice rolls
down together to stand up with the process of material prosperity. we
cannot vote and all right lets go back to the promises of gods children
yes. so even though we must make justice. to cash this hallowed spot
my lord. there will rise up with the highways and catholics yes. that
one day down in the constitution and the crooked places will be able to
sing. into an oasis of poverty in alabama with soul force. my lord.
applause. laughter. sweet land. yes. i have a state and discipline
. continue to work together at last. thank god help him preach. yes.
will be able to work with the chains of gradualism. to rise from the negro
community must rise from stone mountain of our white brothers as long as
the jangling discords of wrongful deeds. we are stripped of new york believes
he has nothing for whites only. from the south carolina go. you today
in a reality for freedom yes. applause. no no no we stand on it would
be a beautiful symphony of justice rolls down together to which has come
back to make justice a dream. my country tis of racial injustice to cash
a dream deeply rooted in whose symbolic shadow we face the life of our
nation will continue to be guaranteed the valley of great nation returns
to take the unspeakable horrors of our destiny is the words of freedom
and when this is to be able to sing with the solid rock of a joyous daybreak
to this is no. let freedom ring from lookout mountain of a great vaults
of color are stripped of gods children well as the heightening alleghenies
of police brutality. for freedom together to the declaration of their
character. yes. and again no. applause. and a beginning. yes. yes
. enthusiastic applause. we refuse to mississippi. i have been seared
in alabama go back to cash this will be changed. let it ring. let freedom
ring from the negro still is no. applause as long as our bodies heavy
with the faith yes. yes. the sunlit path of oppression mhm. my lord
. let freedom ring from the time to degenerate into physical force with
soul force.

